fixed crash when navigating back to stored credential (#96)
digitalcredentials/web-verifier-plus: README.md

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

# MongoDB

> To set up MongoDB to this app create an Mongo Atlas cluster. From there create a database and a cluster aswell as a user with read and write permissions. Finally copy `.env.example` and rename the copy `.env` then copy all the information from your Atlas cluster into the appropriate fields in the `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app currently requires MongoDB for its backend storage. To set up MongoDB for this app:

 * create an Mongo Atlas cluster. 
 * From there create a collection, as well as a user with read and write permissions. 
 * Copy `.env.example`, and rename the copy `.env` 
 * Copy all the information from your Atlas cluster into the appropriate fields in the `.env` file.
```
